hey Fran I signed us up for a CSA
vegetable chair what yeah once a week we
got all this fresh produce right off the
farmers truck sounds cool but what are
we supposed to do with all this stuff
that we don't want like what are we
gonna do with all these radishes hey
guys well you finally got the vegetable
share hey Doug we can't stop there you
got to get the egg share and the fruit
share and the pet supply share and
everything else pet supplies share it's
all dog collars what are we supposed to
do with these we don't even have a dog
hey teddy great share this week huh I
love supporting the community yeah Doug
Doug who's he's so cool doubt just cuz
he's the first guy in our blog to sign
up for the vintage bicycle parts csa the
what so every week you get different
vintage bicycle parts in your share so
at the end of the season will have
enough parts to make a bike well no um
you actually get whatever parts are
available and it has been a week season
so we'll probably get about half the
parts
well at least you're not buying your
glasses from one of those big box stores
you know besides we can't let Doug join
Morsi essays in us I hate that guy hey
guys oh hey Doug we got a huge share
this week oh oh I think we already got
that one what are you doing I have to
use this before it goes bad hey guys
gonna ride hey Doug I didn't know you
had a car well i joined the gasoline csa
so i had to get one I guess that means
there's an opening in the gasoline si si
there sure is a lot of dug in this
week's body parts ESA Oh